Pipe data to Promtail (#1649)
grafana/loki: docs/clients/promtail/troubleshooting.md

This document describes known failure modes of `promtail` on edge cases and the
adopted trade-offs.

## Pipe data to Promtail

> Promtail supports piping data for sending logs to Loki. This is a very useful way to troubleshooting your configuration.

Author: @slim-bean Feel free to reword here. Also should this gets its own page ? I think for now having it in troubleshooting is fine.

Once you have promtail installed you can for instance use the following command to send logs to a local Loki instance:

```bash
cat my.log | promtail --client.url http://127.0.0.1:3100/loki/api/v1/push
```

You can also add additional labels from command line using:

```bash
cat my.log | promtail --client.url http://127.0.0.1:3100/loki/api/v1/push --client.external-labels=k1=v1,k2=v2
```

This will add labels `k1` and `k2` with respective values `v1` and `v2`.

In pipe mode Promtail also support file configuration using `--config.file`, however do note that positions config is not used and
only **the first scrape config is used**.

[`static_configs:`](./configuration) can be used to provide static labels, although the targets property is ignored.

> If you don't provide any [`scrape_config:`](./configuration#scrape_config) a default one is used which will automatically adds the following default labels: `{job="stdin",hostname="Cyrils-iMac"}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't provide any [`scrape_config:`](./configuration#scrape_config) a default one is used which will automatically adds the following default labels: `{job="stdin",hostname="<detected_hostname>"}`.
```
